Add MSSQL connector with test cases for SL Alpha 5 (#2)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mssql.driver: README.md

Ballerina MSSQL Driver Library
===================

The MSSQL Driver library is one of the external library packages of the <a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io
/"> Ballerina</a> language.

This Package bundles the latest MSSQL driver so that the mssql connector can be used in ballerina projects easily.

# Building from the Source
## Setting Up the Prerequisites

1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).

    * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)

    * [OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/)

      > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.

> 2. Download and install [Ballerina SL Beta 2](https://ballerina.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download and install [Ballerina SL Alpha 5](https://ballerina.io/).
```

Author: Fixed in 20e8e9a

## Building the Source

> Execute the commands below to build from the source after installing Ballerina Swan Lake Beta 1 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the commands below to build from the source after installing Ballerina Swan Lake Alpha5 version.
```

Author: Fixed in 20e8e9a
